[Modules] Cross-Module references (#1401)
Azure/ResourceModules: docs/wiki/The library - Module design.md

- [Bicep template guidelines](#bicep-template-guidelines)
  - [Parameters](#parameters)
  - [Variables](#variables)

>   - [Resource](#Resources)

Reviewer: Just for consistency
```suggestion
  - [Resource](#resources)
```

  - Module symbolic names are in camel_Snake_Case, following the schema `<mainResourceType>_<referencedResourceType>` e.g. `storageAccount_fileServices`, `virtualMachine_nic`, `resourceGroup_rbac`.
  - Modules enable you to reuse code from a Bicep file in other Bicep files. As such they're normally leveraged for deploying child resources (e.g. file services in a storage account), cross referenced resources (e.g. network interface in a virtual machine) or extension resources (e.g. role assignment in a resource group).

>   - If deploying resources outside of the module's provider namespace, you should references this resource's module directly. For example, the instead of a Key Vault using its on implementation of a Private Endpoint, it should re-use the Private Endpoint module (e.g., `module privateEndpoint '../../Microsoft.Network/privateEndpoints/deploy.bicep'`). Aside from the added benefit of less code duplication, this enables the consumer to leverage the full interface provided the the module, if needed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - When a module requires to deploy a resource whose resource type is outside of the main module's provider namespace, the module of this additional resource is referenced locally. For example, when extending the Key Vault module with Private Endpoints, instead of including in the Key Vault module an ad hoc implementation of a Private Endpoint, the Key Vault directly references the Private Endpoint module (i.e., `module privateEndpoint '../../Microsoft.Network/privateEndpoints/deploy.bicep'`). Major benefits of this implementation are less code duplication, more consistency throughout the module library and allowing the consumer to leverage the full interface provided by the referenced module.
  > **Note**: Cross-referencing modules from the local repository creates a dependency for the modules applying this technique on the referenced modules being part of the local repository. Reusing the example from above, the Key Vault module has a dependency on the referenced Private Endpoint module, meaning that the repository from which the Key Vault module is deployed also requires the Private Endpoint module to be present. For this reason, we provide a utility to check for any local module references in a given path. This can be useful to determine which modules folder you'd need if you don't want to keep the entire library. For further information on how to use the tool, please refer to the tool-specific [documentation](./Getting started%20-%20Get%20module%20cross-references.md).
  
```
